today folks we're going to talk about a
cup or a hammer breakers once you look
the color hammer is has got a tan handle
it's got the hook on the back these
breaker boxes are designed for these
hooks that actually hook in one thing I
want to point out about the cover hammer
breakers they actually have the 10
handle then they have the black handle
breakers okay so you electricians you
technicians out there when you need a
cover hammer and you're calling these
supply houses you need to say I got the
cutler hammer with the tan handle or I
got the color hammer with the black
handle so I'm going to demonstrate the
how to put this in so I'm going to come
in we are actually putting a condenser
outside and it's a higher efficient
condenser so we had to go from a 40 amp
breaker which is what this wire is rated
for is 40 amp is number eight copper
we're going to go to a we good to max of
30 but I actually have a 25 and the code
says between 18 and 30 so we're going to
go 25 on this one give me a second I was
not prepared for this
I'm going to put this in
and I will redo this wire this is for
demonstration purposes only a lot of
times we want to put the wires in on out
here basically I'm going to pull these
out now I'm going to hook it in you're
just going to take it you're going to
hook it in you can push it in that's it
always hook the wiring up to your
breaker in the off position they're
having questions about cutler hammer
breakers or electrical or air
conditioning to give Jones air
conditioned electrical call or call 2 3
9 & 5 9 6 5 8 5 or Jones air
conditioning comm thank you